[Workers] how the cache works revision (#2842)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/learning/how-the-cache-works.md

When a response fills the cache, the response header contains `CF-Cache-Status: HIT`. You can tell an object is attempting to cache if one sees the `CF-Cache-Status` at all.

This [template](/examples/cache-using-fetch) shows ways to customize Cloudflare cache behavior on a given request using fetch.

### Cache API

The [Cache API](/runtime-apis/cache) can be thought of as an ephemeral key-value store, whereby the `Request` object (or more specifically, the request URL) is the key, and the `Response` is the value.

There are two types of cache namespaces available to the Cloudflare Cache:

- __`caches.default`__ – You can access the default cache (the same cache shared with `fetch` requests) by accessing `caches.default`. This is useful when needing to override content that is already cached, after receiving the response.

> - __New namespaces__ – You can access a namespaced cache (separate from the cache shared with `fetch` requests) using `let cache = await caches.open(CACHE_NAME)`. This can be useful when writing new content to the cache, for example, after running a more compute heavy operation such as parsing HTML or running a computation, to store them locally in the colocation and readily access them on the following request, rather having to rerun the same operation. Note that [`caches.open`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CacheStorage/open) is an async function, unlike `caches.default`.

Author: ```suggestion
- __`caches.open()`__ – You can access a namespaced cache (separate from the cache shared with `fetch` requests) using `let cache = await caches.open(CACHE_NAME)`. Note that [`caches.open`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CacheStorage/open) is an async function, unlike `caches.default`.
```

When to use the Cache API:

> - When you need to read from cache without calling `fetch`. (For example, send me the response from `slow.com/resource` if and only if it is already a HIT on cache using `caches.default.match(..)`).
> - Explicitly store a response in the cache using `caches.default.put(..)` and explicitly delete `caches.default.delete(..)`. For example, say your origin is returning `max-age:0` and you cannot figure out how to change that header at your origin. You can explicitly tell Cloudflare to cache this response by setting `cache-control: max-age=1000` on the response passed into `cache.put()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you want to programmatically save and/or delete responses from a cache. For example, say an origin is responding with a `Cache-Control: max-age:0` header and cannot be changed. Instead, you can clone the `Response`, adjust the header to the `max-age=3600` value, and then use the Cache API to save the modified `Response` for an hour.

- When you want to programmatically access a Response from a cache without relying on a `fetch` request. For example, you can check to see if you have already cached a `Response` for the `https://example.com/slow-response` endpoint. If so, you can avoid the slow request.
```

# How the Cache works

> Workers was designed and built on top of Cloudflare's edge network to allow developers to interact directly with the Cloudflare cache. The cache can provide ephemeral, colocation-local storage, as a convenient way to frequently access static or dynamic content.

Reviewer 2: Would normally suggest turning "colocation" into "data center" but understand why you left it in here - will let you make the final call

> Workers was designed and built on top of Cloudflare's edge network to allow developers to interact directly with the Cloudflare cache. The cache can provide ephemeral, colocation-local storage, as a convenient way to frequently access static or dynamic content.

Author: ```suggestion
Workers was designed and built on top of Cloudflare's edge network to allow developers to interact directly with the Cloudflare cache. The cache can provide ephemeral, datsa center-local storage, as a convenient way to frequently access static or dynamic content.
```

When a response fills the cache, the response header contains `CF-Cache-Status: HIT`. You can tell an object is attempting to cache if one sees the `CF-Cache-Status` at all.

This [template](/examples/cache-using-fetch) shows ways to customize Cloudflare cache behavior on a given request using fetch.

### Cache API

The [Cache API](/runtime-apis/cache) can be thought of as an ephemeral key-value store, whereby the `Request` object (or more specifically, the request URL) is the key, and the `Response` is the value.

There are two types of cache namespaces available to the Cloudflare Cache:

- __`caches.default`__ – You can access the default cache (the same cache shared with `fetch` requests) by accessing `caches.default`. This is useful when needing to override content that is already cached, after receiving the response.

> - __New namespaces__ – You can access a namespaced cache (separate from the cache shared with `fetch` requests) using `let cache = await caches.open(CACHE_NAME)`. This can be useful when writing new content to the cache, for example, after running a more compute heavy operation such as parsing HTML or running a computation, to store them locally in the colocation and readily access them on the following request, rather having to rerun the same operation. Note that [`caches.open`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CacheStorage/open) is an async function, unlike `caches.default`.

Reviewer 2: data center

> - __New namespaces__ – You can access a namespaced cache (separate from the cache shared with `fetch` requests) using `let cache = await caches.open(CACHE_NAME)`. This can be useful when writing new content to the cache, for example, after running a more compute heavy operation such as parsing HTML or running a computation, to store them locally in the colocation and readily access them on the following request, rather having to rerun the same operation. Note that [`caches.open`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CacheStorage/open) is an async function, unlike `caches.default`.

Author: ```suggestion
- __`caches.open()`__ – You can access a namespaced cache (separate from the cache shared with `fetch` requests) using `let cache = await caches.open(CACHE_NAME)`. Note that [`caches.open`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CacheStorage/open) is an async function, unlike `caches.default`.
```
